breaking news fully raw christina says
she's not a nazi but could it be
that intrepid reporters have dug up her
perilous past
connecting her to this man
stay tuned
be sure to give this video a thumbs up
and head on over to john's youtube
channel
hit the subscribe watch some of his
videos and support him he's truly just
a gem on this planet so much knowledge
to share
so much love to share
i have been wrongly accused of being a
neo-nazi
holocaust supporter white supremacist
anti-semitic
and a racist and terrible things have
been said about me
as if it weren't hard enough already
um
to be a vegan in this world and to come
out speaking about the things that
you're passionate about
a major vegan publication comes out
and throws me under the bus but i will
just say this
veg news people consider you to be
a very trustworthy major
popularly posted widely accessible
and all different types of retail stores
publication
shame on you for not fact fact-checking
or
even reaching out to me to get your
facts straight and instead
you chose to listen to trolls online
who listen to youtube haters who sit
around all day trashing me to make money
literally that's why those videos exist
on youtube is because people make
money off of them john rose is a person
who is so dear to my heart
for those of you who don't know john
john how do
how do i even describe your magicalness
with an open mind within five minutes
you can prove the holocaust is a scam
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
they're the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
if hitler would have won the war this
world would be a different world right
now
he would have turned germany into a
vegetarian country people would have
seen around the world look
this is what i'm trying to do now with
you guys where people are going to start
thinking or hate me think oh my god he's
anti-semitic
you're so you've been so brainwashed you
don't even realize jews aren't semites
i mean that's it when you look more into
this you realize
that it's all a distraction and we don't
need to be distracted here
forget everything about hitler who cares
whether he's good or bad
he did something that woke us up and
that's all we need to take from hitler
i'll concede he's evil i don't care it
doesn't matter what matters is what he
proved to the world
japan did the same thing what did the
world do they attacked him
this is the man who introduced me to
eating raw foods he's one of the closest
people to me
a a mentor beyond all beliefs so many
people right now are just
asleep you can shake them you can yell
at them you can ask them to drink a
green juice
and they genuinely believe that it
doesn't matter well
the jews come and came up with a game
plan and they said look
we can get america if we can get america
involved will you give us palestine
and we can get america involved because
we own the press over there we can
change public opinion around in a flash
we can make up stories about how bad
these are and when you look at the evil
atrocities that happened during that
time it was back in russia the gulags in
russia that's where you see a lot of
those pictures
and then when you see people that were
starving to death in these work camps
the reason why they were starving to
death is months before
the war was ended the allied forces the
bad guys
bombed the hell out of the roads that
brought supplies to those work camps
and i am an official version denier
that's right i know garments lie
i know that the official version
from most officials
is a lie if you deny this if you called
this denial and that denying this denier
vaccine denier
climate denier holocaust denier
you need to look into those subjects
with an open mind
to understand what i'm saying you got to
watch if you haven't already
1500 architects and engineers for 9 11
truth
it's frightening frightening for a lot
of people to realize this is really
an effect a twilight zone that we live
on in this planet
where psychopaths literally run the
asylum we are dead slaves you got to
play our money game when you play our
money game
for every billion dollars we print we
get 90 billion we have an unfair
economic advantage we can only control
everything brainwashed the hell out of
you guys bombard you with so much
information you go to the movies
and you're being reinforced to put more
pages in those books so that when you
see someone telling the truth you're
going to die did i die
or look at my book it's so freaking big
fully raw christina
offers a rather paltry defense against
these accusations of her having
promoted neo-nazism or one
particularly odious youtube neo-nazi
namely john rose her defense is on the
one hand to point out that she herself
doesn't qualify as white
as if ipso facto because she is
non-white
therefore she's neither racist nor
anti-semitic
right because it's unheard of for
someone who is latino
to sympathize with the neo-nazis it's
completely unheard of for someone who is
lebanese
to uh be anti-semitic and it's
completely unheard of for someone who's
half latino half lebanese to be
both racist and anti-semitic right uh
so that's a kind of self-defeating
argument unto itself
and then her second line of attack is to
try to claim
that this is just some guy she met
in a grocery store one time someone who
tapped her on the shoulder
in the grocery store and those of you
who've kept copies of the video will
know
that is not a fair assessment of what
their relationship was
neither publicly nor privately we have
plenty of videotape
of fully raw cristina saying just how
much john rose meant to her
as a mentor as a coach as a spiritual
guide as a guru
they had this profound and deep
connection and they made several
youtube videos collaborating together
and she directly
endorsed and promoted his channel and i
believe her when she says
that was just part and parcel of the
friendship and wasn't on the basis
of any definite knowledge on her part of
what exactly this guy's political
philosophy was
however however as you will have seen
from those short
excerpts of john rose anyone could tell
that he was a raving madman even if they
had no
knowledge of what the specific
historical and political facts involved
with the argument were
his madness is self-instantiating
self-demonstrating it's really
not hard to just it's not hard to have
that skeptical
side of your mind start tingling when he
starts
loudly ranting about adolf hitler i mean
even even if you don't know who hitler
was you might just stop
and put it into wikipedia and stuff huh
yeah now john rose's views on human
nutrition are similarly bizarre
uh but in fully raw christine's case
she had a partnership going on with john
rose minimum
five years i'd say more than seven years
for as long as i can remember
she supported him as a guru him as a
spiritual leader his
diet his fruit retreats his youtube
channel she was funneling
her followers over to his channel and
endorsing him in the most glowing terms
possible as a profound
guiding light for humanity etcetera so
yeah that will
that will politically influence people
even if she herself
somehow magically remained blissfully
ignorant
of the odious political message that was
obviously issuing forth from his youtube
channel i don't know how
little uh due diligence you can possibly
do
before figuratively getting into bed
with somebody like that
now look history provides us with many
strange parallels to this scenario
how did this controversy come to the
fore it started with me it started with
a balacial my youtube channel pointing
the finger at philip
christina putting these clips together
and then several other
youtube channels picked up and recycled
repurposed
the clip swimmer channel which is what
youtube is all about by the way of
course i appreciate it
if you name me as the source if you
provide a link to my channel in the
description
several other channels did that vegan
gains did not
and yeah by the way i can tell when
people are they didn't do the research
themselves they're directly borrowing my
clip because it has the little uh
headings and captions on it that i added
it's obvious in various ways
vegan gains was among the people to
really take the fight to
fully raw christina and say in effect
hey this guy
eisel mazzard has caught you he's really
pointed out that you have this odious
track record of working with
endorsing buddying up with you know
one of the most notorious neo-nazis on
youtube
who just happens to be vegan just
happens to be a vegan diet guru
right so to my knowledge the first time
she really reacted to that criticism
was when vegan gains took the fight to
her now
from my perspective i put that video up
youtube did much more than just censor
me i then had a battle lasting for about
two years
not just to prevent that video from
being deleted but really to prevent my
whole channel
from being blacklisted as hate speech
because youtube will censor someone who
is criticizing neo-nazis
as if they are a neo-nazi themselves
they'll just take the fact that the word
neo-nazi appears in the title
they will punish you they will not just
punish that video they will punish
your whole channel so my whole channel
suffered terrible consequences because i
took that gamut because i made that
commitment
to make this important argument and i
didn't even get the minor benefit
of larger channels like vegan gains
thanking me or giving me a link the
description
now as i have mentioned before it seems
to me that the other channels who joined
in the fight including vegan gains
they were not punished in this way by
youtube perhaps just because
vegan gains is himself a person of color
he is
a half african canadian and half white
canadian it was just
presumed that he couldn't possibly be a
neo-nazi sympathizer himself and he
couldn't possibly
be supporting white supremacism whereas
me
even though this beard i look more like
a candidate for rabbinical college than
ever
i am jewish genetically i am but i'm
also a white guy with a shaved head and
it's quite likely i was
censored and punished a little bit more
for that reason
not a whole lot of thought goes into the
decisions over at the youtube center for
me all right
but there's an even stranger parallel
involved here can we think
can we think of another youtube channel
who
while not being racist himself or
herself
developed some kind of close personal
friendship with a white supremacist or
neo-nazi youtuber
and then promoted that other youtube
channel endorsed
the youtuber as a person and promoted
their channel and promoted their
vegan diet advice and exercise advice in
the same way
fully raw christina did that's right
vegan gains himself was guilty of this
exact same offense
vegan gaines had a long-term friendship
with tara mccarthy whose former show was
called reality calls
and her husband or long-time boyfriend
at the time now now i expose them
they've broken up
cory mccarthy this duo cory mccarthy and
tara mccarthy
they were vegan white supremacist
neo-nazis
of the most overt kind imaginable and
i've made so many videos on this channel
already addressing that controversy
at each stage and in its aftermath uh
tara mccarthy
found out that she had one great great
grandparent
who was jewish and then her entire
audience of
neo-nazis and white supremacists turned
against her what a shock
uh turned out she didn't think her
jewish heritage was a big deal but the
kind of people who subscribed to you and
supported
neo-nazi on youtube it was a big deal to
them so all the support she had from our
audience went from being
sympathetic to sour in record time she
lost her nerve
she closed down her youtube channel
deleted the record of most of her
presence of the internet
you can still find it on bit shoot you
still can including by the way
her interview with vegan gains but vegan
gains supported her vegan supported
corey mccarthy
cory mccarthy ends up divorcing or
breaking up with tara he's with a new
chick he carries up
that's how the cookie crumbles it's not
as simple
as judging somebody by the company they
keep
at any point including when i put up my
first critique of fully markers you know
pointing out hey
hey christina this is who you're
endorsing this is who you're saying is a
great spiritual leader
this is who you're saying people should
trust and look up to and say
somebody you're saying transformed your
life and all these powerful positive
effects and you
this is who this guy really is this is
what he's representing this is what he's
recruiting people into and
i don't think that's overstating the
case if you think there were no
consequences for example for vegan gains
long flirtation
with the alt-right with white
supremacists frankly white national has
to be the best term
if you think there were no negative
consequences of that we have a great
canary in the coal mine
with the young jejune ask yourself
ask yourself the name of his youtube
channel he was a po dunk ignorant kid
with
next to zero formal education and a
diagnosis for
attention deficit hyper hyperactivity
disorder
you know he was he was a very unlearned
needy
kid seeking attention and he got into
the orbit of these people who looked up
to
including vegan gains and then through
vegan gains including cory mccarthy
and for several years on his discord and
on his youtube channel
he was spinning these ridiculous
arguments in favor of race realism he
became part of that whole
sturman drong over on the far right
neo-nazi white supremacist out of the
political spectrum
and you could see sorry there was
another guy these are all people i'm
less than
six degrees of separation from because
we're all vegan youtubers even if i've
made
dozens and dozens of videos criticizing
them and excoriating there was another
guy named jack green who actually met
face to face in thailand many years ago
and we got to see him
get pulled into that orbit and then step
by step
first he made a video endorsing julius
evilla
then he made a video about adolf hitler
there have been quite a few
um kind of desperate rootless young
white men who did get influenced and
converted
frankly by vegan gains and i
i know that wasn't his intention i've
talked to richard about it years ago now
and he just said that he felt that corey
mccarthy was a great guy and giving
great
diet and exercise advice and that it was
good for veganism he has said publicly
also that he thinks it's really good to
have right wing people and not just
leveling people
you know he has his own rationalization
for this but sure
actions have consequences and with fully
well christina i don't even know what it
is
five years seven years ten years but she
has a
long-term record of working with
and promoting one of the most notorious
and despicable
neo-nazis on the tube so today when she
has to answer questions about what her
own views are
she is not answering those questions for
no good reason
history books are buck look what henry
ford did
he spent five million dollars of money
sacrificed his life
sacrificed a lot of money he lost a lot
of business by spending that five
million dollars over a seven year period
of time
you know what he did he bought a
newspaper
refused to take any advertising he lost
money on it now henry ford was a rich
man he was the richest guy back then
industrialist he was a good man
kind-hearted man he was a vegetarian
he doubled his workers wages overnight
paid the guy who got the least more
money than his competitors paid the most
gave him a pension plan he donated 12
million the first year to
on behalf of those and when he found out
the powers that being who they were what
did he do
he bought this newspaper hired the best
reporters you can find the best
private investigators the best
journalists
sent them all around the world to dig up
the truth
put out weekly articles every so often
finally put all those
into two books 500 pages each two volume
book you need to look at henry ford
he was a good man he understood
what we're talking about here i'm not
even going to tell you because it's
going to push a hot button for some of
you clowns out there
we've got books that are so full of [ __ ]
you don't realize it's making you a
slave could reach the tipping point and
also
all of us bumped up our body photons all
of us became better the best that we can
be the feeling that we're one
with everything that's the most perfect
way to describe it
it really is and that's really it's uh
it's enlightenment it's waking people up
right bringing them into consciousness
so many people right now are just
asleep this is an exciting time to live
i'm telling you we can wake up the
masses and take back the money supply so
we can
take back our educational systems and
all that kind of stuff we got to take
back the money supply we got to do away
with usury
the people who rule the world want
everyone to be under usury
underneath their spell their monetary
system
if you think hitler is evil you'll never
look at anything he did that's why they
did that that's why they demonized him
there's a reason why we came over here
and bombed the hell out of germany
so that no one could see that they were
prospering we live on an abundant planet
germany japan libya they prove to the
world we live on abundant planet what do
we do we go there and attack them
destroy them
all wars are bankers wars that's what
henry ford found out
it was these international bankers that
are printing our money
that's what the wars were about last
century
gaddafi same thing google gaddafi what
he was doing for that country people
loved him over there
they were flourishing over there proven
to africa
hey we're in the desert but we're gonna
make it flourish
can't have that happen on this planet
because we got sick [ __ ] out here
that rule everything
i'm tired of this when you bump up those
bi-photons when you get your sixth sense
you realize
there's only one way for me to make my
life better since i'm connected to
everything is to make everything around
me better
if we all had that mentality we would
have what's called reciprocal altruism
hitler was pretty nice of the jews after
what the jews did to hitler
i am so excited that you guys joined us
today for this conversation if you've
liked it be sure to give this video a
thumbs up and
head on over to john's youtube channel
hit the subscribe
watch some of his videos and support him
he's truly just a gem on this planet
so much knowledge to share so much
love to share if it wasn't for hitler
this would be a different world we've
got to open up our mind and realize what
what kind of injustice we're doing to
this man and it reminds me of what
happened to me when i got into college
and i found out that i was lied to about
the american indians
that they weren't savages they weren't
scalping us
we were scalping them the white man had
bounties on the native americans and
they retaliated
and yet i grew up thinking that these
were the bad people i really feel
bad that i felt that way about someone
and they didn't deserve
that type of condemnation well you guys
most of us every one of us basically is
doing that to hitler
and the german people these are lies
just like we lied about the
native americans with an open mind
within five minutes you can prove the
holocaust is a scam
five minutes with an open mind and once
you realize that's a scam then
everything else falls apart too
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point you're
getting distracted
when you look at the big picture and you
find out who's pulling the strings you
realize oh okay
the um the satanists uh
snuck into the jewish religion and now
they're calling them south jews when
they're zionist
they're satanists and then they got the
other two religions christians and
muslims to fight against one another
germany and japan prove to the world
that we live
on abundant planet and our debt masters
cannot
allow that to happen so they own the
media they brainwashed everyone they
made sure the history books were written
that told their story that these guys
were bad they did all these bad things
and it's all hokum it's all
[ __ ] reinforcing this belief that
these people are the epitome of evil
anybody who uses hitler
and nazis has epitome for evil on a
repeated basis like that is obviously a
shield
and it's part of controlled opposition
don't look at what
hitler did in germany in japan
don't look at what they did because they
proved to the world that we live on
abundant planet
let's not discuss whether it's
totalitarianism or
dictatorship is not the point the ex
the excuses offered by fully raw
christina
are in a word ridiculous
john rose is not just some guy she met
at the supermarket when he tapped her on
the shoulder one day
it is not for no reason at all that
journalists and youtubers and
commentators
have been saying for some time that
there is a powerful connection between
her
and the neo-nazi white supremacist right
wing but let's pretend
let's just engage in a hypothetical
thought exercise what if her story was
true
what if she just met some guy at a
supermarket
and he was kind of cute and he took his
shirt off on camera looked impressive
and he said hey you eat a vegan diet i
eat a vegan diet too let's do a youtube
video together
that's the situation i might find myself
in down at the jcc sometime
no you remember once i was in a
restaurant and there was a vegan
bodybuilder it was a dude
next to me no homo and i struck up
conversation with them
and we uh we did a youtube video
together it happened
now it could have turned out that that
guy had some bizarre and extreme
political views
i didn't know what could have happened
could happen to you right now you could
her story it's false it's implausible
it's ridiculous
she is just covering her ass she is
lying in plain english
but if it were true what would you do
just keep it real don't it doesn't occur
to anyone anymore
just get on the [ __ ] microphone and
keep it real just come on the microphone
and share your action just share it
holy [ __ ] that random dude i met at a
grocery store turns out to be a neo-nazi
just tell the truth and if you're
ignorant
be honest and open about your ignorance
can i believe that she never saw
any of the videos and there were many
many many videos in which john rose was
stating this kind of
insane neo-nazi conspiracy theory no i
can't believe it i
can't believe it but on the other hand
can i believe that like trisha paid us
had never heard of the holocaust you
know what i mean like things that we see
that all the time
as you said all the time people are just
shockingly ignorant of politics history
people who have like level
zero education level zero
cosmopolitanism
and you know when tricia peters it
proves true but if you can just
live that truth if you can just keep it
real if you can just come on camera and
say
holy [ __ ] by the dead gods odin's beard
whatever curse word you want to use come
on camera
and just say you had no idea that the
celtic art you had tattooed on your arm
turns out to be a neo-nazi symbol
that you just have an appreciation for
the norse gods and what you got tattooed
in your other arm you didn't mean it to
be in the united states
and you joined the sons of odin because
you're just into alternative lifestyles
and black magic and they had a raw fruit
luck that you showed up
whatever your [ __ ] story is if you
actually were
so ignorant of the history and politics
of the world that you watched this kind
of video
from john rose and like whoop you just
had no idea what was going on
if we are gonna rank intelligence
on a scale of trisha paytas to
fully raw christina we're dealing with
the difference between like
negative integers here people it's hard
to say who is stupider
and who is more ignorant when you're
looking at tricia peters and fully raw
christina my colleagues and
contemporaries
here on youtube it's possible it's
possible she really was that stupid
she really was that just get on the mic
just get on the camera and share your
truth okay and goddess there will be
more people in the audience who
sympathize with you than those who don't
but but the worst thing the worst thing
you can do is exactly what fully raw
christina did
and that is living a lie that is
doubling down and justifying it
and i've seen the discussion on twitter
where vegan gains called her out and she
stood up and made
excuses and i've seen it on facebook and
i'm certain
i'm sorry i lived through this i am 100
certain it began with me
it began with my channel making that
video that got me blacklisted and then a
bunch of other channels
some bigger some smaller including vegan
gains picking up the story and running
with it
now here we are in 2021
and you tell me what happens next
what is the moral of the story
the future of the vegan movement is who
it's not going to be john rose it's not
going to be fully raw christina
okay future of the vegan movement
it's up to me and you i am not
a neo-nazi